README.md, before:

# Firetail Lambda Extension

[![License: LGPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-LGPL_v3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0) [![Test and coverage](https://github.com/FireTail-io/firetail-lambda-extension/actions/workflows/codecov.yml/badge.svg?branch=defaults)](https://github.com/FireTail-io/firetail-lambda-extension/actions/workflows/codecov.yml) [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/FireTail-io/firetail-lambda-extension/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=QNWMOGA31B)](https://codecov.io/gh/FireTail-io/firetail-lambda-extension)



## Overview

The Firetail Logging Extension receives AWS Lambda events & response payloads and sends them to the Firetail Logging API.

The extension receives these events and response payloads via a runtime-specific Firetail library which you will need to use in your Function code. The Firetail library outputs specifically formatted logs which the extension then receives via the [Lambda Logs API](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/runtimes-logs-api.html). You can find a table of Firetail function libraries which correspond with a Lambda runtime in the [Function Libraries](#function-libraries) section.



## Function Libraries

| Supported Runtimes   | Library                                                      |
| -------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Python 3.7, 3.8, 3.9 | [github.com/FireTail-io/firetail-py-lambda](https://github.com/FireTail-io/firetail-py-lambda) |



## Tests

Automated testing is setup with the `testing` package, using [github.com/stretchr/testify](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/stretchr/testify) for shorthand assertions. You can run them with `go test`, or use the provided [Makefile](./Makefile)'s `test` target, which is as simple as:

```bash
make test
```

This will output a coverage report (`coverage.out`) which you may view in your browser by using the [go tool cover](https://pkg.go.dev/cmd/cover) command:

```bash
go tool cover -html coverage.out
```



## Deployment

The Firetail Logging Extension is an external Lambda extension, published as a Lambda Layer. Deploying it is a five step process:

- The first step is to [build the extension binary](#building-the-extension-binary).
- The second step is to [package the extension binary](#packaging-the-extension-binary).
- The third step is to [publish the package as a Lambda Layer](#publishing-the-package).
- An optional fourth step is to [make the layer public](#making-the-layer-public).
- The final step is to [add the layer to a Lambda Function](#adding-the-layer-to-a-lambda-function).

This process has been partially automated in the provided [Makefile](./Makefile). In order to use this makefile you will need to install the [AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html), [Golang](https://go.dev/doc/install) and [JQ](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/). You may observe how this Makefile is used by us in the Github action named "[build & publish](./.github/workflows/release.yaml)".



### Building The Extension Binary

The logging extension is a standard Go project and can be built by [installing Go](https://go.dev/doc/install) and using the [go build](https://pkg.go.dev/cmd/go#hdr-Compile_packages_and_dependencies) command from the root directory of this repository. You will need to set the `GOOS` and `GOARCH` environment variables appropriately for your target Lambda runtime's operating system and architecture. See the [Environment variables](https://pkg.go.dev/cmd/go#hdr-Environment_variables) section of the [go command docs](https://pkg.go.dev/cmd/go) for more information. An example may look like this:

```bash
GOOS=linux GOARCH=amd64 go build
```

This will yield a binary with the same name as the root directory, which if you have just cloned this repository will be `firetail-lambda-extension`.

The target in the provided makefile that corresponds to this step is `build`. It requires a target architecture (`ARCH`) which defaults to `amd64`. For example, you may wish to do:

```bash
make build ARCH=arm64
```

This will yield a `build` and `build/extensions` directory, and a binary within `build/extensions` named `firetail-extension-${ARCH}`.



### Packaging The Extension Binary

To package the extension binary, it must be placed into a directory named `extensions` and then zipped.

> During the `Init` phase, Lambda extracts layers containing extensions into the `/opt` directory in the execution environment. Lambda looks for extensions in the `/opt/extensions/` directory, interprets each file as an executable bootstrap for launching the extension, and starts all extensions in parallel.
>
> [Source](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/lambda-extensions.html)

The target in the provided makefile that corresponds to this step is `package`, and it depends upon the `build` step. It requries a target architecture (`ARCH`), and extension version (`VERSION`) which defaults to `latest`. For example, you may wish to do:

```bash
make package ARCH=arm64 VERSION=v1.0.0
```

This will yield a `.zip` file in the `build` directory named `firetail-extension-${ARCH}-${VERSION}.zip`, which contains the `extensions` directory and the binary within it such that when it is extracted into `/opt`, the extension binary will be found in the `/opt/extensions/` directory as per the AWS documentation.



### Publishing The Package

To publish the package, you may use the AWS CLI's [publish-layer-version](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lambda/publish-layer-version.html) command. You will need to repeat this process for every region in which you wish to use the layer. You will also need to specify the compatible architectures, and give the layer a name. The output of the command will provide you with the layer's ARN and layer version, which you may use to add it to your Lambdas.

If you reuse the same layer name multiple times, the layer version will be incremented. The approach taken in the provided makefile is to publish each extension version with a new layer name, so the layer version will almost always be `1`.

The target in the provided makefile that corresponds to this step is `publish`. You must make the `build` target before the `publish` target. The `publish` target requires a target architecture (`ARCH`) and extension version (`VERSION`), which match that used when you made the `package` target; and a region in which to publish the layer (`AWS_REGION`). For example, you may wish to do:

```bash
make publish ARCH=arm64 VERSION=v1.0.0 AWS_REGION=eu-west-1
```




### Making The Layer Public

ℹ️ In this step, we make the layer publically available for anyone to use. You may wish to omit this step. 

To make the layer public, you may use the AWS CLI's [add-layer-version-permission](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lambda/add-layer-version-permission.html) command. You will need to repeat this process for every layer you publish in every region. You will need to provide the layer name & layer version, a statement ID and region; and to make the layer public an action of `lambda:GetLayerVersion` and principal of `*`.

The target in the provided makefile corresponding to this step is `public`. You must make the `publish` target before the `public` target. The `public` target requires a target architecture (`ARCH`), extension version (`VERSION`) and AWS region (`AWS_REGION`) which match that used when you made the `publish` target, as well as the layer version created when you made the `publish` target (`AWS_LAYER_VERSION`). For example, you may wish to do:

```bash
make public ARCH=arm64 VERSION=v1.0.0 AWS_REGION=eu-west-1 AWS_LAYER_VERSION=1
```



### Adding The Layer To A Lambda Function

There are a number of ways to add the published layer to your Lambda Function:

1. [Using the AWS CLI](#using-the-aws-cli).
2. [Using a Lambda container image build stage](#using-a-lambda-container-image-build-stage).
3. [Using Terraform](#using-terraform).

You will need to ascertain the layer ARN of the latest release of the Firetail Lambda Extension. 

If you are not publishing your own Firetail Extension Lambda Layer, you may use the Lambda Layer published publicly by us. The latest extension version of this publically accessible Lambda Layer can be derived by taking the latest version tag in the [Github Releases](https://github.com/FireTail-io/firetail-lambda-extension/releases) of this repository, and replacing the `.` characters with `-` characters. For example, `v1.2.3` would become `v1-2-3`. You will also need to determine the architecture you need for your Lambda Runtime, which may be either `arm64` or `x86_64`. Once you have these two values, you may substitute them into `${VERSION}` and `${ARCH}` respectively in  the following string:

```bash
arn:aws:lambda:us-east-1:453671210445:layer:firetail-extension-${ARCH}-${VERSION}:1
```

For example, for `ARCH=arm64` and `VERSION=v1-0-0` this should yield:

```
arn:aws:lambda:us-east-1:453671210445:layer:firetail-extension-arm64-v1-0-0:1
```



#### Using The AWS CLI

To add the Lambda Layer to a Function, you may use the AWS CLI's [update-function-configuration](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lambda/update-function-configuration.html) command. You will need to provide a region, the layer ARN and the name of the Function to which the layer is to be added.

The target in the provided makefile corresponding to this step is `add`. The `add` target requires the layer ARN (`LAYER_ARN`), the name of the Function to add the layer to (`FUNCTION_NAME`), and the AWS region in which both the layer and the Function must be found (`AWS_REGION`). For example, you may wish to do:

```bash
make add AWS_REGION=eu-west-1 LAYER_ARN=your-layer-arn FUNCTION_NAME=your-function-name
```



#### Using A Lambda Container Image Build Stage

If your lambda is using a container image, you can add the layer to the image from within your Dockerfile. Relevant documentation can be found in [this AWS Compute Blog post](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/compute/working-with-lambda-layers-and-extensions-in-container-images/). 

Find below a docker stage which you may add to your dockerfile to implement the process of downloading and unzipping the Lambda Layer package. This snippet adds as arguments the ARN of the layer to fetch, the region from which to fetch the layer, and the AWS access key & secret access key to use when fetching the layer:

```dockerfile
FROM alpine:latest as firetail-layer-copy

ARG AWS_LAYER_ARN=${AWS_LAYER_ARN:-""}
ENV AWS_LAYER_ARN=${AWS_LAYER_ARN}
ARG AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=${AWS_DEFAULT_REGION:-"us-east-1"}
ENV AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=${AWS_DEFAULT_REGION}
ARG AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=${AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID:-""}
ENV AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=${AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID}
ARG AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=${AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY:-""}
ENV AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=${AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY}

RUN apk add aws-cli curl unzip
RUN mkdir -p /opt
RUN curl $(aws lambda get-layer-version-by-arn --region ${AWS_DEFAULT_REGION} --arn ${AWS_LAYER_ARN} --query 'Content.Location' --output text) --output layer.zip
RUN unzip layer.zip -d /opt
RUN rm layer.zip
```
You will then need to add the following step into the final stage in your Dockerfile to copy the extension from the `firetail-layer-copy` stage into the `/opt/extensions` directory in your final container image:

```dockerfile
COPY --from=firetail-layer-copy /opt /opt
```

Once these steps are complete you should be able to run your build process as before, except with the addition of the `AWS_DEFAULT_REGION`, `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`, `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` and `AWS_LAYER_ARN` build arguments. 

⚠️ Ensure you securely use, and store these minimal access credentials ⚠️

```bash
docker build . -t layer-image1:latest \
--build-arg AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=us-east-1 \
--build-arg AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE \
--build-arg AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=wJalrXUtnFEMI/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY \
--build-arg AWS_LAYER_ARN=arn:aws:lambda:us-east-1:453671210445:layer:firetail-extension-x86_64-v0-0-4:1
```



#### Using Terraform

Find below an example Terraform configuration that adds the Firetail extension to a Lambda Function as a layer:

```terraform
resource "aws_lambda_function" "extensions-demo-example-lambda-python" {
        function_name = "LambdaFunctionUsingFireTailExtension"
        s3_bucket     = "lambda-function-s3-bucket-name"
        s3_key        = "lambda-functions-are-great.zip"
        handler       = "handler.func"
        runtime       = "python3.8"
        role          = aws_iam_role.lambda_role.arn

        environment {
                variables = {
                        FIRETAIL_API_TOKEN = "firetail-api-key",
                        FIRETAIL_API_URL = "https://api.logging.eu-west-1.sandbox.firetail.app/logs/bulk"
                }
        }

        layers = [
            "arn:aws:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:453671210445:layer:firetail-extension-<ARCH>-<VERSION>:1"
        ]
}
```

Commit message:

Doc public lambda layer users can skip steps 1-4

README.md, after:

# Firetail Lambda Extension

[![License: LGPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-LGPL_v3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0) [![Test and coverage](https://github.com/FireTail-io/firetail-lambda-extension/actions/workflows/codecov.yml/badge.svg?branch=defaults)](https://github.com/FireTail-io/firetail-lambda-extension/actions/workflows/codecov.yml) [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/FireTail-io/firetail-lambda-extension/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=QNWMOGA31B)](https://codecov.io/gh/FireTail-io/firetail-lambda-extension)



## Overview

The Firetail Logging Extension receives AWS Lambda events & response payloads and sends them to the Firetail Logging API.

The extension receives these events and response payloads via a runtime-specific Firetail library which you will need to use in your Function code. The Firetail library outputs specifically formatted logs which the extension then receives via the [Lambda Logs API](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/runtimes-logs-api.html). You can find a table of Firetail function libraries which correspond with a Lambda runtime in the [Function Libraries](#function-libraries) section.



## Function Libraries

| Supported Runtimes   | Library                                                      |
| -------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Python 3.7, 3.8, 3.9 | [github.com/FireTail-io/firetail-py-lambda](https://github.com/FireTail-io/firetail-py-lambda) |



## Tests

Automated testing is setup with the `testing` package, using [github.com/stretchr/testify](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/stretchr/testify) for shorthand assertions. You can run them with `go test`, or use the provided [Makefile](./Makefile)'s `test` target, which is as simple as:

```bash
make test
```

This will output a coverage report (`coverage.out`) which you may view in your browser by using the [go tool cover](https://pkg.go.dev/cmd/cover) command:

```bash
go tool cover -html coverage.out
```



## Deployment

The Firetail Logging Extension is an external Lambda extension, published as a Lambda Layer. Deploying it is a five step process. If you wish to use the publicly accessible Lambda Layer published by Firetail, you can skip to the final step. The full list of steps to build, package, publish and use the Firetail Lambda Extension are as follows:

- The first step is to [build the extension binary](#building-the-extension-binary).
- The second step is to [package the extension binary](#packaging-the-extension-binary).
- The third step is to [publish the package as a Lambda Layer](#publishing-the-package).
- An optional fourth step is to [make the layer public](#making-the-layer-public).
- The final step is to [add the layer to a Lambda Function](#adding-the-layer-to-a-lambda-function).

This process has been partially automated in the provided [Makefile](./Makefile). In order to use this makefile you will need to install the [AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html), [Golang](https://go.dev/doc/install) and [JQ](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/). You may observe how this Makefile is used by us in the Github action named "[build & publish](./.github/workflows/release.yaml)".



### Building The Extension Binary

The logging extension is a standard Go project and can be built by [installing Go](https://go.dev/doc/install) and using the [go build](https://pkg.go.dev/cmd/go#hdr-Compile_packages_and_dependencies) command from the root directory of this repository. You will need to set the `GOOS` and `GOARCH` environment variables appropriately for your target Lambda runtime's operating system and architecture. See the [Environment variables](https://pkg.go.dev/cmd/go#hdr-Environment_variables) section of the [go command docs](https://pkg.go.dev/cmd/go) for more information. An example may look like this:

```bash
GOOS=linux GOARCH=amd64 go build
```

This will yield a binary with the same name as the root directory, which if you have just cloned this repository will be `firetail-lambda-extension`.

The target in the provided makefile that corresponds to this step is `build`. It requires a target architecture (`ARCH`) which defaults to `amd64`. For example, you may wish to do:

```bash
make build ARCH=arm64
```

This will yield a `build` and `build/extensions` directory, and a binary within `build/extensions` named `firetail-extension-${ARCH}`.



### Packaging The Extension Binary

To package the extension binary, it must be placed into a directory named `extensions` and then zipped.

> During the `Init` phase, Lambda extracts layers containing extensions into the `/opt` directory in the execution environment. Lambda looks for extensions in the `/opt/extensions/` directory, interprets each file as an executable bootstrap for launching the extension, and starts all extensions in parallel.
>
> [Source](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/lambda-extensions.html)

The target in the provided makefile that corresponds to this step is `package`, and it depends upon the `build` step. It requries a target architecture (`ARCH`), and extension version (`VERSION`) which defaults to `latest`. For example, you may wish to do:

```bash
make package ARCH=arm64 VERSION=v1.0.0
```

This will yield a `.zip` file in the `build` directory named `firetail-extension-${ARCH}-${VERSION}.zip`, which contains the `extensions` directory and the binary within it such that when it is extracted into `/opt`, the extension binary will be found in the `/opt/extensions/` directory as per the AWS documentation.



### Publishing The Package

To publish the package, you may use the AWS CLI's [publish-layer-version](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lambda/publish-layer-version.html) command. You will need to repeat this process for every region in which you wish to use the layer. You will also need to specify the compatible architectures, and give the layer a name. The output of the command will provide you with the layer's ARN and layer version, which you may use to add it to your Lambdas.

If you reuse the same layer name multiple times, the layer version will be incremented. The approach taken in the provided makefile is to publish each extension version with a new layer name, so the layer version will almost always be `1`.

The target in the provided makefile that corresponds to this step is `publish`. You must make the `build` target before the `publish` target. The `publish` target requires a target architecture (`ARCH`) and extension version (`VERSION`), which match that used when you made the `package` target; and a region in which to publish the layer (`AWS_REGION`). For example, you may wish to do:

```bash
make publish ARCH=arm64 VERSION=v1.0.0 AWS_REGION=eu-west-1
```




### Making The Layer Public

ℹ️ In this step, we make the layer publically available for anyone to use. You may wish to omit this step. 

To make the layer public, you may use the AWS CLI's [add-layer-version-permission](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lambda/add-layer-version-permission.html) command. You will need to repeat this process for every layer you publish in every region. You will need to provide the layer name & layer version, a statement ID and region; and to make the layer public an action of `lambda:GetLayerVersion` and principal of `*`.

The target in the provided makefile corresponding to this step is `public`. You must make the `publish` target before the `public` target. The `public` target requires a target architecture (`ARCH`), extension version (`VERSION`) and AWS region (`AWS_REGION`) which match that used when you made the `publish` target, as well as the layer version created when you made the `publish` target (`AWS_LAYER_VERSION`). For example, you may wish to do:

```bash
make public ARCH=arm64 VERSION=v1.0.0 AWS_REGION=eu-west-1 AWS_LAYER_VERSION=1
```



### Adding The Layer To A Lambda Function

There are a number of ways to add the published layer to your Lambda Function:

1. [Using the AWS CLI](#using-the-aws-cli).
2. [Using a Lambda container image build stage](#using-a-lambda-container-image-build-stage).
3. [Using Terraform](#using-terraform).

You will need to ascertain the layer ARN of the latest release of the Firetail Lambda Extension. 

If you are not publishing your own Firetail Extension Lambda Layer, you may use the Lambda Layer published publicly by us. The latest extension version of this publically accessible Lambda Layer can be derived by taking the latest version tag in the [Github Releases](https://github.com/FireTail-io/firetail-lambda-extension/releases) of this repository, and replacing the `.` characters with `-` characters. For example, `v1.2.3` would become `v1-2-3`. You will also need to determine the architecture you need for your Lambda Runtime, which may be either `arm64` or `x86_64`. Once you have these two values, you may substitute them into `${VERSION}` and `${ARCH}` respectively in  the following string:

```bash
arn:aws:lambda:us-east-1:453671210445:layer:firetail-extension-${ARCH}-${VERSION}:1
```

For example, for `ARCH=arm64` and `VERSION=v1-0-0` this should yield:

```
arn:aws:lambda:us-east-1:453671210445:layer:firetail-extension-arm64-v1-0-0:1
```



#### Using The AWS CLI

To add the Lambda Layer to a Function, you may use the AWS CLI's [update-function-configuration](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lambda/update-function-configuration.html) command. You will need to provide a region, the layer ARN and the name of the Function to which the layer is to be added.

The target in the provided makefile corresponding to this step is `add`. The `add` target requires the layer ARN (`LAYER_ARN`), the name of the Function to add the layer to (`FUNCTION_NAME`), and the AWS region in which both the layer and the Function must be found (`AWS_REGION`). For example, you may wish to do:

```bash
make add AWS_REGION=eu-west-1 LAYER_ARN=your-layer-arn FUNCTION_NAME=your-function-name
```



#### Using A Lambda Container Image Build Stage

If your lambda is using a container image, you can add the layer to the image from within your Dockerfile. Relevant documentation can be found in [this AWS Compute Blog post](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/compute/working-with-lambda-layers-and-extensions-in-container-images/). 

Find below a docker stage which you may add to your dockerfile to implement the process of downloading and unzipping the Lambda Layer package. This snippet adds as arguments the ARN of the layer to fetch, the region from which to fetch the layer, and the AWS access key & secret access key to use when fetching the layer:

```dockerfile
FROM alpine:latest as firetail-layer-copy

ARG AWS_LAYER_ARN=${AWS_LAYER_ARN:-""}
ENV AWS_LAYER_ARN=${AWS_LAYER_ARN}
ARG AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=${AWS_DEFAULT_REGION:-"us-east-1"}
ENV AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=${AWS_DEFAULT_REGION}
ARG AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=${AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID:-""}
ENV AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=${AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID}
ARG AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=${AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY:-""}
ENV AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=${AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY}

RUN apk add aws-cli curl unzip
RUN mkdir -p /opt
RUN curl $(aws lambda get-layer-version-by-arn --region ${AWS_DEFAULT_REGION} --arn ${AWS_LAYER_ARN} --query 'Content.Location' --output text) --output layer.zip
RUN unzip layer.zip -d /opt
RUN rm layer.zip
```
You will then need to add the following step into the final stage in your Dockerfile to copy the extension from the `firetail-layer-copy` stage into the `/opt/extensions` directory in your final container image:

```dockerfile
COPY --from=firetail-layer-copy /opt /opt
```

Once these steps are complete you should be able to run your build process as before, except with the addition of the `AWS_DEFAULT_REGION`, `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`, `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` and `AWS_LAYER_ARN` build arguments. 

⚠️ Ensure you securely use, and store these minimal access credentials ⚠️

```bash
docker build . -t layer-image1:latest \
--build-arg AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=us-east-1 \
--build-arg AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE \
--build-arg AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=wJalrXUtnFEMI/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY \
--build-arg AWS_LAYER_ARN=arn:aws:lambda:us-east-1:453671210445:layer:firetail-extension-x86_64-v0-0-4:1
```



#### Using Terraform

Find below an example Terraform configuration that adds the Firetail extension to a Lambda Function as a layer:

```terraform
resource "aws_lambda_function" "extensions-demo-example-lambda-python" {
        function_name = "LambdaFunctionUsingFireTailExtension"
        s3_bucket     = "lambda-function-s3-bucket-name"
        s3_key        = "lambda-functions-are-great.zip"
        handler       = "handler.func"
        runtime       = "python3.8"
        role          = aws_iam_role.lambda_role.arn

        environment {
                variables = {
                        FIRETAIL_API_TOKEN = "firetail-api-key",
                        FIRETAIL_API_URL = "https://api.logging.eu-west-1.sandbox.firetail.app/logs/bulk"
                }
        }

        layers = [
            "arn:aws:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:453671210445:layer:firetail-extension-<ARCH>-<VERSION>:1"
        ]
}
```
